Update to dev process (#1091)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/contribution-guide/_index.en.md

Submariner's release is automated to a great extent. [The release process documentation] explains the details of a release. The release
automation is maintained in the [releases repository]. It also hosts `subctl` binaries for all released versions.

> During the release process there should be a code-freeze.

Reviewer: Let’s be categorical and more explicit:

```suggestion
Code is frozen during releases: no PRs unrelated to the release can be merged to the branch being released.
```

### Sprints

Sprints are 3 week periods which encapsulate work on the release.

> Most sprints focus on active development of the current version, while the last one focus on stabilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most sprints focus on active development of the current version, while the last one focuses on stabilization.
```

Each sprint will end with a release to allow the community to test new features and fixed bugs.
In total, three milestone sprints are planned:

> * Three milestones ending with releases of milestone `m1`, `m2` and `m3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Three sprints ending with the release of each milestone `m1`, `m2`, and `m3`.
```

[test day template]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14wNJAbR2CC3wWdHtxnvnNlft8kSWp-SIFMWJ-hRISao
[Submariner project]: https://github.com/submariner-io
[triages tasks and bugs as part of a weekly meeting]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ICvOBOUpIEI45Yqcjf26Z1e5mZNzYsEN-H7_3xx54jI

> [Project Members]: https://submariner.io/community/contributor-roles/#member

Reviewer 2: Why this change? Doesn't seem related.

Author: The link was referenced from a line which was removed in this PR.
Line 294, as part of the "Exception Process"
